#### Oral presentation
- Ryota Ii, **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Masahito Ohue, Yutaka Akiyama. "Graph convolutional neural networks considering distanceon molecular graph for compound activity prediction", *IPSJ SIG Technical Report*, 2018-BIO-57(11), 1-8, 2019/03.
- Rikuto Kubota, **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Masahito Ohue, Yutaka Akiyama. "Development of efficient protein-ligand docking method for virtual screening by reuse of fragments", *IPSJ SIG Technical Report*, 2018-BIO-54(42), 1-7, 2018/06.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Shunta Komine, Rikuto Kubota, Masahito Ohue, Yutaka Akiyama. "An exact algorithm for the weightedoffline cache problem in protein-ligand docking based on fragment extension", *IPSJ SIG Technical Report*, 2016-BIO-50(38), 1-8, 2017/06.
  - [\[download\]](assets/data/IPSJ-BIO17050038.pdf) The copyright of this material is retained by the Information Processing Society of Japan (IPSJ). This material is published on this web site with the agreement of the IPSJ.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Masahito Ohue, Takashi Ishida, Yutaka Akiyama. "Compound filtering by estimation of the candidate compound's upper limit size using target protein structure", *IPSJ SIG Technical Report*, 2016-BIO-49(6), 1-7, 2017/03.
  - [\[download\]](assets/data/IPSJ-BIO17049006.pdf) The copyright of this material is retained by the Information Processing Society of Japan (IPSJ). This material is published on this web site with the agreement of the IPSJ.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Shunta Komine, Shogo D. Suzuki, Masahito Ohue, Takashi Ishida, Yutaka Akiyama. "ESPRESSO: An ultrafast compound pre-screening method based on compound decomposition", *IPSJ SIG Technical Report*, 2016-BIO-46(18), 1-7, 2016/07.
  - [\[download\]](assets/data/IPSJ-BIO16046018.pdf) The copyright of this material is retained by the Information Processing Society of Japan (IPSJ). This material is published on this web site with the agreement of the IPSJ.
- Shogo D. Suzuki, **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Masahito Ohue, Takashi Ishida, Yutaka Akiyama. "Prediction of Human c-Yes Kinase Inhibitors by SVM and Deep Learning", *IPSJ SIG Technical Report*, 2015-BIO-42(36), 1-7, 2015/06.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Takashi Ishida, Yuichi Sugiyama, Yutaka Akiyama. "Drug clearance pathway prediction based on semi-supervised learning", *IPSJ SIG Technical Report*, 2014-BIO-41(11), 1-6, 2015/03.
  - [\[download\]](assets/data/IPSJ-BIO15041011.pdf) The copyright of this material is retained by the Information Processing Society of Japan (IPSJ). This material is published on this web site with the agreement of the IPSJ.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Takashi Ishida, Yutaka Akiyama. "Drug clearance pathway prediction using semi-supervised learning", *IPSJ SIG Technical Report*, 2014-BIO-38(10), 1-6, 2014/06.
  - [\[download\]](assets/data/IPSJ-BIO14038010.pdf) The copyright of this material is retained by the Information Processing Society of Japan (IPSJ). This material is published on this web site with the agreement of the IPSJ.

#### Poster presentation
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Yoshitaka Moriwaki, Tohru Terada, Kentaro Shimizu. "Systematic construction of the cosolvents sets for cosolvent MD (CMD) with the large-scale computation", *Chem-Bio Informatics Society(CBI) Annual Meeting 2019*, P1-24, 2019/10.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Yoshitaka Moriwaki, Tohru Terada, Kentaro Shimizu. "Estimation of the probability map (Pmap) similarity of cosolvent MD (CMD) from structural similarities of cosolvents", *The 57th Annual Meeting of The Biophysical Society of Japan*, 1Pos012, 2019/09.
- Juanjuan Lu, **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Takashi Ishida. "Development of a novel linear notation of chemical compounds for deep learning", *Chem-Bio Informatics Society(CBI) Annual Meeting 2018*, 2018/10.
- Ryota Ii, **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Masahito Ohue, Yutaka Akiyama. "大域的化合物特徴を表現するグラフ畳み込みネットワーク", *Informatics in Biology, Medicine and Pharmacology 2018 (IIBMP2018)*, 2018/09.
- Rikuto Kubota, **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Masahito Ohue, Yutaka Akiyama. "Development of efficient protein-ligand docking method for virtual screening by reuse of fragments", *1st RWBC-OIL Workshop*, Poster no. 18, 2018/05.
- Masahito Ohue, Takanori Hayashi, Yuri Matsuzaki, **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Yutaka Akiyama. "MEGADOCK-Web: an integrated database of high-throughput structure-based protein-protein interaction predictions", *Informatics in Biology, Medicine and Pharmacology 2017 (IIBMP2017)*, P57, 2017/09.
- Masahito Ohue, Takanori Hayashi, Yuri Matsuzaki, **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Yutaka Akiyama. "MEGADOCK-WEB: an integrated database of structure-based protein-protein interaction predictions", *The 55th Annual Meeting of The Biophysical Society of Japan*, 3Pos174, 2017/09.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Shunta Komine, Shogo D. Suzuki, Masahito Ohue, Takashi Ishida, Yutaka Akiyama. "ESPRESSO: An ultrafast compound pre-screening method with segmented compounds", *Chem-Bio Informatics Society(CBI) Annual Meeting 2016*, P2-19, 2016/10.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Shunta Komine, Shogo D. Suzuki, Masahito Ohue, Takashi Ishida, Yutaka Akiyama. "ESPRESSO: An ultrafast compound pre-screening method based on compound segmentation", *Informatics in Biology, Medicine and Pharmacology 2016*, P65, 2016/09.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Shunta Komine, Masahito Ohue, Takashi Ishida, Yutaka Akiyama; "Fast pre-filtering for virtual screening based on ligand decomposition", *第21回 創剤フォーラム若手研究会*, P-6, 2015/11.
- **Keisuke Yanagisawa**, Shunta Komine, Masahito Ohue, Takashi Ishida, Yutaka Akiyama. "Fast pre-filtering for virtual screening based on compound decomposition", *Informatics in Biology, Medicine and Pharmacology 2015*, 2015/10.